Add get_parents and get_closed_parent functions (#560)
plone/plone.api: docs/content.md

%
% self.assertEqual(view.__name__, u'plone')

(content-get-parents-example)=

## Get parent objects

> You can get all parents of a content object (from immediate parent to the portal root) using the {meth}`api.content.get_parents` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get all parents of a content object (from immediate parent to the portal root) using the {func}`api.content.get_parents` function.
```

```python
from plone import api
portal = api.portal.get()
team = portal['about']['team']

# Get all parents
parents = api.content.get_parents(obj=team)
```

% invisible-code-block: python
%
% self.assertListEqual(parents, ['about', 'plone'])

You can filter parent objects by interface:

```python
from plone import api
from Products.CMFCore.interfaces import IFolderish
portal = api.portal.get()
team = portal['about']['team']

# Get folder parents only
folder_parents = api.content.get_parents(obj=team, interface=IFolderish)
```

% invisible-code-block: python
%
% self.assertListEqual(folder_parents, ['about', 'plone'])

You can also filter parents using a custom predicate function:

```python
from plone import api
portal = api.portal.get()
team = portal['about']['team']

# Get only published parents
def is_published(obj):
    return api.content.get_state(obj=obj) == 'published'

published_parents = api.content.get_parents(obj=team, predicate=is_published)
```

(content-get-closed-parent-example)=

## Get closest parent

> To get the closest parent object that matches certain criteria, use the {meth}`api.content.get_closed_parent` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the closest parent object that matches certain criteria, use the {func}`api.content.get_closest_parent` function.
```

%
% self.assertEqual(view.__name__, u'plone')

(content-get-parents-example)=

## Get parent objects

You can get all parents of a content object (from immediate parent to the portal root) using the {meth}`api.content.get_parents` method.

```python
from plone import api
portal = api.portal.get()
team = portal['about']['team']

# Get all parents
parents = api.content.get_parents(obj=team)
```

% invisible-code-block: python
%

> % self.assertEqual(len(parents), 2)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
% self.assertEqual(len(parents), 2)
```
I already mentioned that it would be better for this one to be a `self.assertListEqual`

Author: pushing with newer changes inna while!
